Fix module naming and windows compile (#2)
cyberbotics/pyikfast: README.md

Move to the directory with `robot.urdf` and execute:
```bash
docker run -v ${PWD}:/output cyberbotics/pyikfast [base_link] [effector] [module_extension]
```

> Replace `[base_link]` and `[effector]` with the link-names from the robot.urdf
> Replacing `[module_extension]` will append the generated python module. The module name will
> be `pyikfast` + `[module_extension]`. For Example, `_irb4600` will generate the python module
> `pyikfast_irb4600` 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `[base_link]` and `[effector]` with the link-names from the `robot.urdf`.
The `[module_extension]` will append to the generated Python module name.
The module name will be `pyikfast` + `[module_extension]`.
For example, `_irb4600` will generate the Python module named `pyikfast_irb4600`.

```
One sentence per line
